Welcome to the Learn AI in 2
minutes.
Quick concept, simple metaphor and zero jargon
over
load.
You probably use GPT everyday,
right?
But what actually is large language
model?
Think of LLM like an autocomplete on
steroids.
You type a few words, your phone
suggests the next
one.
And LLM does the same thing, but
at a massive
scale.
It was trained on billions of words
from books, articles and D
-web.
It learned
patterns.
Her words usually follow other
words.
So when you ask a question, it
doesn't look up
things.
It predicts the most likely next word,
then the next, and the next, and
then it forms a full
answer.
It's not a search engine, to be
honest.
It's not a human brain
either.
It's a pattern prediction
machine.
And that's what makes it so
powerful.
So remember, an LLM predicts the most
likely next
words.
These don't patterns, it learned from the
text.
Powerful, but not
magic.
That's your concept for
today.
Follow for the next
one.
Learn AI in 2
minutes.